
Market Class
 
    -   add x hard coded items
        -   upgraded boots - 
        -   suspisious substances (has the chnace to get caught after being applied) - 
        -   oranges 
        -   attacking training day 
        -   defensive training day        

    -   create a method that can be called at the end of each in game weed to print out
        all the nessassary bits (if the "go to market gets clicked" after displayed at the end of each week 
        this is for that)

    -   create a method to be called after each week to, refresh all items and players in the market, within
        the funtion make sure to have a checker so the players and item are not the same as before. 
    
    -   when purchasing players, do not allow the user to pick players of all the same positions (we need 3 defenders
        and 2 attackers) 

    -   get rid of last names on players

Match Class

    HOW THE MATCH IS PLAYED
        
        1.  coin flip to see who starts the match, winner picks an attacker to start with
        
        2.  create a progression counter for the match to show how close on the field the ball is to goal

        3.  innit goal counter
        
        4.  toss winner pick which attackers starts    

        5.  make isThree() to check what the territory is and if it is 3 then add a goal to the corrosponding team

            for (i = 20: i > 0: i--) {
        
        6.  create Matchup() that takes as argument the players in question and creates temp attack and defense stats based of their attack and deffense stats within a range then have an randomisor 
            return who won the duel          

        7.  pick a defender/attacker to go up against or pass the ball (battle must go from the attackers attacking stat against the defenders defending stat within a range off their stats)

             
            i. if pass works +1 territory give the ball to another player 
                check isThree();
                continue;

            ii. if pass fails -1 territory and turn over the ball to player to a random player in opposing team
                check isThree();
                continue;

            iii. if duel won same player holds players and 1+ to territory
                check isThree();
                matchUp();
                continue;

            iV. if duel lost, give ball to opposing duelist, don't change territory 
                check isThree();
                matchUp();
                continue;
            
                
            }
            

       
        
 



